Feat/issue templates (#1231)
deepmipt/DeepPavlov: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-request.md

---
name: Feature request
about: Suggest a feature to improve the DeepPavlov library
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> Want to contribute to DeepPavlov? Please read the [contributing guideline](https://github.com/RasaHQ/rasa/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Want to contribute to DeepPavlov? Please read the [contributing guideline](http://docs.deeppavlov.ai/en/master/devguides/contribution_guide.html) first.
```
